Sorry.
Yes.
Picking up your feet.
Yeah.
But now my headphones or what
the boy, I could it still yeah
well. I mean, it's it. It will
still be recording the audio.
It's just not playing in
through the speakers to see
something in there, if you
click. The 3:00 dots. I saw
something that said turn off
incoming video so that would
turn off.
10s of me, so I don't
know if that.
Yes, yeah, yeah, so you
can actually control how
you want the recording to
go you can.